Changes to response selector documentation (#6512)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/retrieval-actions.mdx

:::

The retrieval model is trained separately as part of the NLU training pipeline
to select the correct response. The default configuration uses the user message text as input and the retrieval intent combined with the

> response key suffix(for e.g. - `chitchat/ask_name`) as the correct label for that user message. However, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
response key suffix (e.g.`chitchat/ask_name`) as the correct label for that user message. However, the
```

> retrieval model can also be configured to use the text of the response message as the label for training the model.

Reviewer: how?

Author: Added the name of the parameter from the component in the description.

## Domain

> Rasa uses a naming convention to match the retrieval intent names `chitchat`
> to their corresponding retrieval action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rasa uses a naming convention to match a retrieval intent name, e.g. `chitchat`,
to its corresponding retrieval action.
```
maybe?

The correct action name in this case is `respond_chitchat`.
The prefix `respond_` is mandatory to identify it as a retrieval action.

> Another example - correct action name for `faq` would be `respond_faq`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another example - the correct action name for `faq` would be `respond_faq`.
```

## Multiple Retrieval Actions

If your assistant includes both FAQs **and** chitchat, it is possible to
separate these into separate retrieval actions, for example having sub-intents
like `chitchat/ask_weather` and `faq/returns_policy`. Rasa supports adding multiple `RetrievalActions`
like `respond_chitchat` and `respond_faq`. To train separate retrieval models for each of the retrieval intents,

> you need to include a separate `ResponseSelector` component in the config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you need to include a separate `ResponseSelector` component in the config for each retrieval intent:
```
